Provide bid reject reason to buyers (#349)
WICG/turtledove: Proposed_First_FLEDGE_OT_Details.md

If the bid being generated or scored loses the auction, the URL will be fetched. These worklets may also call a `forDebuggingOnly.reportAdAuctionWin()` API which operates similarly to `forDebuggingOnly.reportAdAuctionLoss()` API but only fetches the URL after a winning bid or score.

If a seller rejected a bid from participating in an auction, the seller can optionally add a rejectReason field to its return object. The buyer can learn about the reject reason through calling `forDebuggingOnly.reportAdAuctionLoss()` API in  `generateBid()`, by using “${rejectReason}” in the report URL's query string. The reject reason returned by `scoreAd()` should be one of
*   "not-available"
*   "invalid-bid"
*   "bid-below-auction-floor"

> *   "pending-or-disapproved-by-exchange"

Reviewer: It might be useful to distinguish between the cases of "pending approval" and "disapproved" by a seller.

*   "blocked-by-publisher"
*   "language-exclusions"
*   "category-exclusions"

> The default value will be "not-available", in cases where the seller doesn't provide one reject reason, or when a bid was not rejected.

Reviewer 2: Mentioned this in the Chrome CL, but to ask more publicly:

Should we provide this information to seller debug reports as well?  I guess they have the information when they're assembling the debug report URL, anyways, except in the case of component auction, when the top-level seller rejects a bid that goes through a component seller.  Should the component seller have the information in that case?

Also, should we mention that in component auctions, the value can come from whichever seller rejected the bid?  I believe that's the current behavior.

Author: Updated the PR to describe the case of component auction bidders.

About the seller debug reports part, maybe we can post  under [274](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/issues/274), to get more comments on it?

If the bid being generated or scored loses the auction, the URL will be fetched. These worklets may also call a `forDebuggingOnly.reportAdAuctionWin()` API which operates similarly to `forDebuggingOnly.reportAdAuctionLoss()` API but only fetches the URL after a winning bid or score.

> If a seller rejected a bid from participating in an auction, the seller can optionally add a rejectReason field to its return object. The buyer can learn about the reject reason through calling `forDebuggingOnly.reportAdAuctionLoss()` API in  `generateBid()`, by using “${rejectReason}” in the report URL's query string. A component auction's bidders only get reject reasons from its component seller, but not reject reasons from top-level seller. The reject reason returned by `scoreAd()` should be one of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If a seller rejects a bid from participating in an auction, the seller can optionally add a `rejectReason` field to its `scoreAd()` return object to convey to the bidder a more detailed reason why the bid was rejected. The buyer can learn about the reject reason by calling the `forDebuggingOnly.reportAdAuctionLoss()` API in  `generateBid()` and including `${rejectReason}` in the report URL's query string. A component auction's bidders only get reject reasons from its component seller, but not reject reasons from the top-level seller. The reject reason returned by `scoreAd()` should be one of
```

Author: I used https://omahaproxy.appspot.com/ to search my CL's commit, and it shows "initially landed in 108.0.5315.0".

Author: Done.
I searched my CL's commit in https://omahaproxy.appspot.com/, and it shows "initially landed in 108.0.5315.0".

> If a seller rejects a bid from participating in an auction, the seller can optionally add a `rejectReason` field to its `scoreAd()` return object to convey to the bidder a more detailed reason why the bid was rejected. The buyer can learn about the reject reason by calling the `forDebuggingOnly.reportAdAuctionLoss()` API in `generateBid()` and including `${rejectReason}` in the report URL's query string. A component auction's bidders only get reject reasons from its component seller, but not reject reasons from the top-level seller. The reject reason returned by `scoreAd()` should be one of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As of Chrome version 108, if a seller rejects a bid from participating in an auction, the seller can optionally add a `rejectReason` field to its `scoreAd()` return object to convey to the bidder a more detailed reason why the bid was rejected. The buyer can learn about the reject reason by calling the `forDebuggingOnly.reportAdAuctionLoss()` API in `generateBid()` and including `${rejectReason}` in the report URL's query string. A component auction's bidders only get reject reasons from its component seller, but not reject reasons from the top-level seller. The reject reason returned by `scoreAd()` should be one of:
```

*   "not-available"
*   "invalid-bid"
*   "bid-below-auction-floor"
*   "pending-approval-by-exchange"
*   "disapproved-by-exchange"
*   "blocked-by-publisher"
*   "language-exclusions"
*   "category-exclusions"

> The default value will be "not-available", in cases when a bid was not rejected, or it was rejected but the seller doesn't provide one reject reason.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The default value will be "not-available", in cases where a bid was not rejected, or it was rejected but the seller doesn't provide a reject reason.
```

> The default value will be "not-available", in cases where a bid was not rejected, or it was rejected but the seller doesn't provide a reject reason.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The default value will be "not-available", in cases where a bid was not rejected, it was rejected but the seller doesn't provide a reject reason, or the reason provided wasn't one of the above values.
```
